listen I got this movie back at TIFF
where it was getting a mad amount of
buzz to be straight with you I had seen
those trailers and I thought they were
the corniest thing in the world if there
was a formula to get nominated for an
Oscar they pretty much got every writer
who could give them that they put them
together in one room so they could come
out with this product of a movie and for
some reason every audience is freaking
loved it to the point that it even won
the award while I was at TIFF and I'm
still here wondering yo in 2018 are we
still falling for Oscar bait cuz I
freaking love this movie let me explain
so that's what we really does hit every
cliche possible it's corny it's cheesy
it has those moments where people are
talking like it's 2018 but you know just
like entertainment in medieval times
it's all about the execution the movies
based off of a true story that's written
by Tony's son who was a chauffeur to Don
in the south where he was guiding him to
go to the only places that he could as
seen through this green book well I know
that some people will scoff at a movie
that you know kind of says that tensions
can be fixed by just going on a road
trip I mean it's a that's not what the
movies saying at all
see I just saw this is a buddy movie and
that's where it surprised me the most
where these guys go on a road trip and
one of them is the definition of
elegance while the other one is a
complete and utter buffoon but white
bring my balls and I loved Viggo in this
movie I'm not even saying this as a disc
because this studio is freaking
hilarious and that's probably because
one of the brothers who directed this
movie was one of the guys who made Dumb
and Dumber
you have a very narrow assessment of me
Tony yeah all right good boy I know that
there's some controversy when it comes
to Don's estate and I'm saying that the
movie doesn't fully represent him I'll
kind of agree with that I'll be 100%
because while he may be the best person
in this movie there still seems to be
some points where they don't fully give
him all of the credit that he deserves
but y'all already know more Herschel
Ali's got it if there's one person who
can take pride in his culture but also
set straight all those race-baiting
bloggers it's this dude you are the
first actor to win an Oscar this says a
lot at this particular time in our
history could you speak to that please
well regardless of one's theology or
however you see life or relate to
worshiping God
as an artist my job was the same and is
to tell the truth and then try to
connect with these characters and these
people as honestly and as deeply as
possible and so one spiritual practice
Adam I don't necessarily feel like it's
it's relevant and unless it gives you an
a way into having more empathy for these
people that you have to advocate for so
but I'm I'm proud to to own that see at
one point I just thought he was playing
himself because Marsala is the
definition of elegance he's got a better
posture than plank from Ed Edd and Eddy
he's never losing his temper man's
eating chicken like he's playing the flu
and leave it to hourly to be able to
deliver the most manufacture scene of
the year right where he literally just
comes out of a car because he knows this
is gonna be the bit that they play for
his nomination at the Oscars he
literally asked for them to pull over
just so he can give his speech in the
rain and as soon as he's done with it he
just goes back into the car knowing that
he could have said it inside the whole
time but then where's the fun in that
obviously not all of it happened the way
that the movie portrays but to me the
difference between a film like this and
Bohemian Rhapsody two movies that I
personally did enjoy it's just how they
flesh out the characters you know the
fact that this movie just focuses on the
trip it makes those two hours go by
super quick the fact that my herschel
Ollie's character is barely like a
quarter of what they could have done
with them yet that's still able to be
super compelling is really cool and the
fact that tony is such a complete and
utter buffoon it makes you laugh at
everything this guy says not to mention
this movie has Linda Cardellini who
ya'know is a freak and a geek like I
would personally watch anything with her
in it right she's the only redeeming
factor when it comes to Hawkeye sorry
self I saw two seasons of bloodline just
because of her and even with that new
movie like I don't know that's coming
out you know I had a bunch of people on
Twitter asking me and tweeting me about
the whitewashing in that trailer which I
was astonished to hear so I broke my
rule of not watching trailers when since
all this when in well you know maybe we
should just wait for the movie to judge
you know guys what I'm getting at is
that a movie can be Oscar bait and still
be enjoyable you know this movie is the
definition of an audience pleaser and
while
Twitter sees it as a bad thing I don't
think there's anything wrong with them
I'm not saying it's the best movie of
the year I'm not saying that it's kind
of beat out everything else when it's at
the Oscars but what I'm saying is that
this movie earns its charm
it has great performances from Viggo who
literally gained 20 pounds for the role
Hershel alley you already know is one of
the greats and like I mentioned as Linda
Cardellini so if there was one movie
that I would recommend for you to see
this winter its widows shadow to all the
peeps on Twitter who are always tweeting
out our videos and again I'm not saying
this is one of the best movies of the
year there were some scuffles happening
because this movie was getting all the
awards is what he's doing crazy on Ron's
mail but I'm telling you after seeing
that trailer and thinking that it was
supposed to be extra corny it's still
corny but I enjoyed this movie a lot
more than I thought this is definitely
the definition of an audience pleaser
I think it's enjoyable I can't see
anyone coming out of it hating it
but I can definitely see this being that
one movie that gains a little too much
traction at the Oscars and maybe wins an
award or two and then people oh really
want to hate it because of that but
that's just my opinion on it I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below what's
the other big movie that you're looking
forward to seeing let me know down below
in the comment section what your
favorite Linda movie is out there and
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you the original
recipe